1. Morale rules are critical 
2. Creatures beyond the veil of mortal insight
3. Why play games with simple rules
4. Ideas for breaking out of the generic 'fantasy adventurer' story
    Knights, thieves, nobles, etc.
5. How to plan session two (and three and four and...)
6. GM-facing subclasses—an idea to test
7. Fighters should do the most damage (and why spellcasters don't deserve cantrips)
    AOE should do chip damage
8. The mezzer in RPGs (gaming's fourth archetype)
9. Barter for equipment, a thought experiment
10. Hexmaps and player agency
11. Slow healing is king and why campaigns should take longer
12. The nemesis system for use with morale
13. In defence of the death knight
14. Diagetic fear of undead—level drain (and I love wights)
15. In-world healing and its consequences
16. Scarecrows
17. Remedies to poisons and why I hate cure disease spells
    Foreshadow poison from a specific entity
    Provide a weird and unique method of dealing with the poison
    Foreshadow the monster
    Strike when they quest in the relevant location (with random encounter, probably)
    Watch as they scrabble for the cure
18. Random encounters and why they might feel like they don't matter
19. Diagetic levelling and why I hate high levels
20. Tying characters together with factions at the start of games
    Strongly benefits new character integration
21. Genoese crossbowmen trio 
    Carried daggers, crossbows, a chain mail shirt, and large pavises shields. 
    After firing, the crossbowmen would hide behind their pavises while reloading. 
    Operated in teams of three:
        One would set up and maintain the pavise. 
        One shoots. 
        Another reloads a second crossbow handing him to the shooter when reloaded.
22. Skeletons should be stronger
23. Giving players people to care about (so you can twist the knife later)
24. Tax your players
25. Starting small-scale (and staying that way?)
26. Silver thunder—plate-wearing crossbow knight assassin who's not very stealthy
    Heavy bootprints, probably gets ambushed but is in hefty plate and a great shoot
27. Feigning incompetence—roleplay between yourselves while I...
28. Wildshape scares me
29. Vagabonds shouldn't be allowed to bring big weapons into cities
30. I stab him with my dagger! (And do two damage...)
31. Slow combat is my bane
32. Locusts are excellent
    Locust knight
    Locust mage
    Locust queen
    Locust curse
33. Hobgoblins are excellent
34. Cults should look earnestly beneficial to the untrained eye
35. Winter should be terrifying
36. Death (at 0?)
37. I source my inspiration from music
38. Starting with set pieces
    Infernal turbulence
39. Dynamic combat
    Players get comfortable when things don't change. Add some spice.
40. Edward Kenway or: add a crazy pirate
    Rams the ship he doesn't care about
    Uses mortars to crack open vaults
    Shoots anyone in his path
41. Send them to Valhalla! And why known names are great for games.
    People know what Valhalla is. They can roleplay that concept easily.
42. Enemies should have banner bearers.